hey guys and welcome to another vlog
this week we're gonna go straight into
the laundry segment you will know I love
a bit of laundry so let's get going
hello everyone and welcome to the first
laundry segment of 2019 I've got some
laundry and today is a very very
exciting laundry segment because we've
got a sponsor yes we're going up in this
world and yes the laundry segment is
sponsored today oh also wait before we
carry on Tim introduce yourself for
those who don't know you hi I'm Paige
I'm a second-year the sponsor of today's
laundry segment is Daniel Wellington and
they are a Swedish watch company and I'm
literally so excited this book during
this laundry segment because I love
watches literally I where I watch every
single day and I've been needing a new
one for a while I just have to worry
watch to keep organized they very kindly
sent me some products have a look at so
I am modeling right now the classic
design it's a very simplistic face which
I like elegant you know and him it's
modeling this Cambridge design I like it
nice design being in Cambridge I thought
it makes sense to hurricane brittle
watch I think the staff is actually a
real statement with this one preppie I'd
call it would you I would I word not
only watches we have bracelets so this
is the classic bracelet it's rose gold
and all my jewelry is rose gold so it's
perfect until is also modeling another
it's quite consistent with the rest of
my jewelry as well like so you know
quite minimal you know it's not too
detailed which is really for my jewelry
I don't know excessive you know nice and
understated probably the most exciting
part is the straps are interchangeable
if I get bored at the Blackstrap no
worries I've got a rose gold one right
here the nice thing about these watches
is that there's all these designs and
named after cities in the UK I mean last
I heard Cornwall was a County not a city
what I meant to say was that all the
waters are named after places in the UK
okay let's move on so there's like
something to represent you more from
different cities and I'm actually so
pleased with when you watch if it gets
me to lectures on time I will be happy
there will be a link to the Daniel
Wellington website down below and also
I've got a discount code for you guys
it's page 15 it'll be on the screen
right now and that will give you 15% off
so it's very much worth using no no no
has a Daniel Wellington watcher she has
had a Daniel Berlant in watch for quite
a while so when she heard that I was
doing the sports of laundry segment with
Daniel Wellington
she was quite excited unfortunately she
can't be here tonight but she's gonna
like thrown in I should tell us about
her Daniel Wellington experience so
let's go to Emma hi guys sorry I can
make it in this evening but I just
wanted to let you all know that I have
its annual well a to watch and I love it
so much back to you Paige well I load my
laundry I'm gonna ask him some questions
that you guys have sent in to me on
Instagram thank you for sending them in
and if you want to send any questions
next time do giveaway Instagram follow
what you buy on your weekly uni
Sainsbury's shops like this getting news
Tim is very efficient with this special
like well I'll be taking my time I could
easily spend half an hour 45 minutes
walking around sailor is doing West
because I'm so indecisive on what I get
yeah we don't cook how much does your
Coolidge effect your Cambridge
experience
like there are some things like the
people you're friends with by your
college with but you don't know applying
to the same colleges I think a big thing
can be like getting to your yeah we
haven't experienced do you have any post
uni plans no phones like do it shop I'm
thinking tuned into an industry you know
masters mostly yeah do some job make
some money it's gonna be great ok so
it's a bit of a common misconception in
that I don't really love like it's not
amazing it's just the best food and that
like it's always it's always there when
you need it you don't need to bother
preparing it for ages but hungry you eat
it because nice and feeling cheap last
one
show us your best dance move no okay and
I sell to me I mean what to this on ok
it's from It's Always Sunny
good morning everyone so we've had some
really devastating news this morning and
that is that brunch has been canceled I
literally I got up this morning and all
I could think about was the brunch we
were gonna go for at 11 o'clock in Jesus
cap I was thinking of the eggs the
mushroom especially actually my toast or
maybe a bit of bacon I was really really
excited and then they cancelled it so
being the innovative thinker that I am
and problem solver I want to think of a
solution I thought oh I'll make my own
waffles so I got my waffle machine now
and I haven't used this waffle machine
since last year and it's good to be back
making waffles we made a bit of an
excess of mix but it's fine waffles all
around right and I've got some orange
juice and I've got some chocolate spread
and this is even better than brunch and
the most exciting part this morning is
also I discovered I can't reach it now
like happer is hot chocolate mix so I
don't have to keep going with the galaxy
one anymore didn't even realize I had
the gap Capra's one left but that was
really exciting too and you know it's
just a good day so far
even though brunch is been canceled so
okay so a lot of hopefuls have been
consumed we had a few left over so I'm
just leaving them out on the table for
anyone who wants them because I can't
eat them myself because I am so full we
had Nutella before it was so good anyway
now I'm going to pop to the library I
think because I want to print off a race
plan because surprise I have a rowing
race later today and then I've got a bit
more work that I want to do today so I'm
gonna get going with that
okay so I've printed my race plans I put
them in my pocket I'm in Coxon attire
and I'm just gonna head off to the
boathouse race and then come back and I
need to get a ton of work done this
evening now now I'm panicking I feel
like this morning I was not pretty
productive enough at all ah I just need
to get all my work done it's not even
like I have a lot of pressing work it's
just I feel I should be doing work but
it's all good it's all good
I'm actually relatively stress-free at
the moment and I'd like to keep it that
way
okay so I've just cycled back from the
boathouse it's this past five I believe
I don't even know the time I've been out
basically all afternoon so see me Matt
at 1:40 but it was good the race was fun
I enjoyed it we came a second
out of the three boats in our division
because there wasn't a lot of entries
into the second woman's boat division
but like everyone did well it's the
start of term it's a whole new crew it's
a base for us to work off so yeah
enjoyable afternoon I think I'm gonna
head back get changed maybe tied in my
room do my notice board and then go to
dinner like I feel like there's not much
point starting some work now I mean it's
good to dinner like straight away also
it's actually not been that cold like
it's been about 8 degrees ish which is
fine that even now when it's dark and
the sun's gone in it's not that cold
which is perfect because when it's
bitterly cold it's not enjoyable like I
took my hand warmers and I didn't need
them don't we love it when we don't lose
feeling in our toes and our hands are
actually warm and not numb it's great
hello everyone some in calf and I was
really hungry today because all I D
single day was to waffles with Nutella
but it was pulled pork burgers today
which was awfully exciting I had some
chips
I had yes this is the head this is what
anyway yeah we're having a nice time at
Cal food was good back up to the
staircase now so we are having flag
hoisting ceremony as you might remember
last term black got in aa staircase and
we decorated it the stairwell yeah with
flags now today they are finally going
back up again
and we're having a Sarah media are you
directing were no I watching what
everyone else is the way so you get some
string and you tie it around a rail okay
everyone my flag at the West Sussex flag
with the Sussex law clips on there
[Music]
so I may have just snapped the string
when I was making my knot it's not going
well guys I've thought I was doing a
really professional not like look at all
those and then the string snapped this
is wool this is not very hard everyone
smile for the camera them to the weekly
staircase cookie-eating sesh it's really
fun this is happening every week okay of
everything have a guest coming watch my
vlogs before what do you think we're
playing as a staircase
everyone say goodnight Astrid in the
[Applause]
[Music]
okay Phuket I'm I'm just about to win so
don't mind me buy available what was it
no I'm not high-fiving babe each one
you're hoping for
I'm not saying trying to start really
good car okay oh oh what do we think
guys what are we thinking 50 I think if
you Joe didn't have anything he would
immediately just go all in to try and
intimidate me and throw me off so it
makes me think he does have something I
think you're all in Paige don't think
about dawn I think he has like a pet in
his hand
well I'm gonna match him because as I've
come this far and this is how I play
poker I just say so
I'm lucky guys how was it good yes we
may have lost that hand and yes we may
have been very very unlucky but it's
fine we're still going we've still got
two black chips and these are worth a
hundred each hey ma I don't encourage
gambling we don't play for money take
guys we're back in the game look we just
won a hand good stuff this is how we
Cambridge students entertain ourselves
[Laughter]
just for quick context Emma said I
wonder if I can fit down there and then
ed said odds-on and Emma said 9 1 it
said 1 adds up to 10 it had to go on oh
great ok so that may or may not be 1:30
right now and I may or may not have
stayed up chatting to my friends good
evening
I love how tonight was supposed to be an
early night but it's fine because
tomorrow's Sunday we've got enough time
to get a good night's sleep and still
get walking tomorrow all is under
control I did just in case you're
wondering I did get a decent amount of
work done this evening after my rowing
race I did a fair bit before the flag
hoisting ceremony and then poker and
then chatting boo friends having a
lovely time really and that's the end of
this vlog thank you very much for
watching please give it a like subscribe
if you enjoyed it and I'll see you soon
with
the video by
[Music]